hey guys how you doing it's KJ here from
the scariest movie ever made now what
you're looking at here is a sign of the
times that we're in there's definitely a
battle going on every level you can
imagine in our society in our world over
truth it's all about truth but there's
so much deception out there right now
and you know that this is why you're
probably here walking watching my videos
there's a huge battle going on over
truth and here's here's another example
of that this is from Cass Sunstein he's
one of Obama's many minions I'm gonna
read a few things about him in a moment
but he just released this book called
conspiracy theories and other dangerous
ideas and of course it should be no
surprise that on the cover there is a
huge Illuminati pyramid the pyramid with
the eye Cass Sunstein so as far as
Illuminati goes the term in general you
know we throw it around a lot to me it's
also kind of a catch-all for the elite
you know the people who are in they know
and if anybody is up on that level it's
certainly it's gonna be Cass Sunstein so
I'm gonna show you a few things inside
his book like what he's talking about
here this is it guys battle on they're
going to be finding ways to come after
anybody who who questions the official
story they've been doing this for a long
time but it's definitely starting to
ramp up a little bit so let's check this
out here we'll go fast like so here's a
little something right here this from
the daily Paul but I'll just read a
little bit here says looks like our
buddy Cass is at it again
I recall a video aired recently where
when asked about his intention to
infiltrate websites etc he just quote
couldn't recall anything about it
what a snake and a liar down here it
says President Obama's former director
of the White House Office of Information
and regulatory affairs of Cass Sunstein
who is married to the interventionist US
ambassador to the UN Samantha power has
a new book out the title says everything
about the books content and Sunstein's
previous ideas that certain dangerous
ideas held by Americans be either taxed
or declared illegal yes he said that and
this is his book conspiracy theories and
other dangerous ideas
you can look this up and do a little
research yourself if you're interested
and it's all over the place about the
book I mainly wanted to show you this
right here in his book some steam
describes what he considers to be the
most dangerous conspiracy thought crimes
thought crimes that's right of George
Orwell 1984 thought crimes here in
America number one those who believe
that the US government or Israel were
ultimately behind the 9/11 attack retro
number two those who believe that the
CIA was involved in the assassination of
President JFK Retro those who believed
dr. Martin Luther King was assassinated
by US government agents number four
those who believe that TWA 800 was
brought down by a missile he's very
specific it's interesting huh here's my
favorite number five those who believe
that the Illuminati secretly runs the
world's affairs okay time to armor up
okay the stuffs ramping up there's
people who are gonna buy this book and
believe it you know most of us if you're
here on my channel and if you're if
you're a sub and you're into this kind
of stuff most of us can see right past
all this you know we know it's a it's a
bunch of garbage but just goes to show
you people that high up or putting these
books out and that's the message they're
sending I mean they're going to if they
haven't already and I know they actually
they have in some ways but they're gonna
be ramping up this battle I'm coming
after truth there's quote-unquote more
and more so keep your keep your eyes
peeled for that one and here's a few
more things I wanted to add just kind of
one when I found this story I noticed a
few other things are going on it's very
interesting ultimately this battle
really is good versus evil I don't know
if you ever watched true detective that
was a pretty interesting show on HBO but
you know even that one's given
interesting subplot it was all about
satanic rituals and stuff chasing after
these rich Satanists but at one point
the guy says that you know after
everything they've been through looking
back it really is all just about light
versus dark and it really is all about
light versus dark so as we're seeing
this attack on truth come up of course
we're gonna see Christians become
persecuted more and more anybody who has
that kind of a faith you know you could
be you could argue that most faiths are
under
but really not like the Christians not
like the people who believe in the
Creator and in Jesus so kind of reminded
me here's a few other things I'll just
kind of bypass here real quick and show
you but here's one Christian Sue's
doctor for diagnosing her praying as
mental illness wow that happened so look
that up the doctor wanted to start
taking antipsychotics instead of praying
okay another example the world burn
Christians ordered to teach Wiccan and
pagan rites so a court to rule on
government's decision to control
religion classes so we have that as well
just want to share that with you guys
just kind of show you a few examples of
how the battle over truth is definitely
on fire right now and it's it's gonna
grow even bigger and wider so you know
stay true stay real get the truth out
there guys
keep your eyes open the battle is real
the battle is raging but luckily we got
a good team rolling it together alright
I just want to share that with you
thanks for checking it out and I'll talk
to you later